[terra-abstract-modal] Remove State from Abstract Modal (#1041)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-abstract-modal/CHANGELOG.md

Unreleased
----------
### Changes

> * Updated `_ModalContent` to trigger the inhert dom updates when it is mounted and unmouted to remove the updates from the componentDidUpdate hook in the `AbstractModal`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated `_ModalContent` to trigger the inert dom updates when it is mounted and unmounted to remove the updates from the componentDidUpdate hook in the `AbstractModal`
```
